`Development`: Add documentation for the AI-assisted code generation feature (#12741)
ls1intum/Artemis: documentation/docs/instructor/exercises/programming-exercise.mdx

<Image src={hyperionLearningGoals} alt="Learning goal estimation panel with knowledge area badges" size={ImageSize.large} caption="Estimated learning goals with knowledge area badges, taxonomy levels, evidence, and competency linking controls" />

<Image src={hyperionLinkedCompetencies} alt="Linked Competencies section populated from estimated goals" size={ImageSize.large} caption="Linked Competencies section showing course competencies created from the estimated learning goals" />

### AI-Assisted Code Generation

<Callout variant={CalloutVariant.info}>

    This feature requires the Hyperion module to be enabled by the administrator (<code>artemis.hyperion.enabled=true</code>). Code generation requires at least the <strong>Editor</strong> role within the course.

</Callout>

> Artemis can use Hyperion to generate starter code, reference solutions, and tests for Java programming exercises. Code generation is currently only available for Java. The generated files are written to the exercise repositories, committed, and built through the configured CI setup. Treat the generated result as a draft: review the changed files, inspect the build result, and adapt the exercise before releasing it to students.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Artemis can use Hyperion to generate templates, solutions, and tests for Java programming exercises. Code generation is currently only available for Java. The generated files are written to the exercise repositories, committed, and built through the configured CI setup. Treat the generated result as a draft: review the changed files, inspect the build result, and adapt the exercise before releasing it to students.
```

<Image src={hyperionGenerationSettings} alt="Generation settings with repository selection and selected feedback threads" size={ImageSize.medium} caption="Generation settings with selected feedback grouped by repository" />

Only valid feedback is forwarded: resolved and outdated threads are excluded, thread IDs are validated, and feedback is filtered to the current exercise and repository. Feedback that is irrelevant, conflicts with the exercise context, or would introduce inconsistencies should be ignored during generation. The selected feedback flow is intended for targeted follow-up generation after instructors have reviewed existing generated or manually written code.

After confirmation, Artemis starts an asynchronous generation job. While the job is running:

- selected repositories are processed one after another
- the status popover shows queued, running, completed, warning, failed, and skipped states
- file activity lists newly created or updated files
- the currently open repository is refreshed as generated files are committed

> - build feedback can be used for an additional improvement attempt

Reviewer 2: @sawys777 [nit] Every other bullet list in this file starts with a capital letter (see lines 192-194, 769-773, 821-822, etc.). Capitalize these five items too so the page stays internally consistent.

<details><summary>🤖 Prompt for AI agents</summary>

In `documentation/docs/instructor/exercises/programming-exercise.mdx`, the bullet list at lines 734-738 starts each item with a lowercase word while every other bullet list in the file uses sentence case. Capitalize the first word of each of the five bullets (`selected`→`Selected`, `the`→`The`, `file`→`File`, `the`→`The`, `build`→`Build`).

</details>
